hello guys take video is about power
leveling and gold farming okay guys how
would you like to earn yourself anything
between a half a million to seven
hundred thousand gold in two minutes
also guys doing this run you can power
level your friends from level 1 to level
70 in an hour this how good this phone
is guys okay we will need to do man you
need to go to venture mode you go to act
4 and you're looking at this point here
this bouncy quest clear the hell rift
guys in this hell replies there is no at
least it's just trash sometimes you get
a rare spawn of an up a purple mob but
he's not really that hard is easy to
kill anyway man it's a chance to drop a
the quake and vile as or just quite good
i'm especially nervous so you just want
this mountain here clear the hell refers
to support here the guys this run is
incredible absolutely incredible guys if
you don't got much gold or much
paragliding experience all manly I mean
you will last up your paragon exp doing
this wrong man so one day man just want
to go to level two so it'll skip this
level here which were about all the way
from go go go there's a waypoint you can
all that so all God do this mission man
it's just kill the enemies level two
guys on this run as well there is quite
a few chests it's quite a few white
chest as well on top which you can pop
for legendaries and sometimes there's a
cursed chest event as well in here as
well but spawns even even more bloody
gold and exp per run though this you can
only use about half a million gold on
torment 6 it's just trash it's just easy
trash all the way from so I'm just going
to kill this very quickly splits away
for it so just key in leveled so it's
nice and easy man
nothing particularly texting on these
mobs to usual demons and stuff kin these
mobs alone here is pretty good exp ok
bigos is two months left now watch my
paragon bar paragon buyers here and boom
look at that 420 1000 gold plus the gold
we killed we killed the mobs with bust
an enormous 65 million exp so basically
guys if your power leveling a friend
once you get to level two here invite
him as you get to level two and just
having take about a lot behind you and
boom here we get four hundred twenty one
thousand cold every run and past shitty
one get the maximum 65 million XP per if
you deserve a level one character you
look up to level 10 in the first pot in
the first pot I've did this with a
friend of mine called ender extra and we
did ten runs he was almost level 60 in
just ten runs guys in just ten ones
before you put out there guys just make
sure that the cursed jess hasn't small
into space has a good chance for cursed
chest as well looks like it's not popped
on this particular map the guys what
puts this Roman cross up was there's
other missions that I've ever met across
that are similar to this but the maps on
these are tiny it's all the mobs wearing
one bridge typepad place guys so guys if
you're short on gold and you want to
power over your friends or just paragon
yourself then this run is fantastic you
can make so much gold here guys it's
actually incredible what's up guys if
your friends are being paddled by you or
vice versa make sure you've got a full
Kane set on with you should bonus exp
put rooting your helm you're a signet
and hell fire rings as well for even
more bonus exp and they go guys guys use
is why you can Blizzard will probably
nerf this but it's a fantastic spot
moment for raiding self a shitload of
gold for all those important transmog
and we will need your leg injuries and
then go guys that's a video point says
just usual please like and subscribe and
I'll Giese you guys racing which is
rubber games